

 ActiTime software(TIME TRACKING SOFTWARE)
------------------------

>Use of this software ?
Whenever the task is assigned to any of the employess to track their work progress we make use of this
software.


ACTITIME >> Time tracking software

Why you should learn ??
ANS: TO Implement all your manual testing concepts on this software
Ex: 

Actitime>> 2 types >
a) Web app 
b) Standalone app

   Actitime is a time tracking software which is used to track the assigned task and to generate the Report of the task, its is also called as time tracking software


Workflow of Actitime :
1)Login as Admin
2)Create Test lead
3)Logout as Admin

4)Login as Test lead
5)Create customer
6)Create project
7)Create the Test eng
8)Assign the task
9)Logout as Test Lead

10)Login as Test engineer
11)Check and update the task
12)Logout as Test eng

13)Login as Test lead
14)Check updates
15)Generate the report
16)Logout as Test lead.








Admin module :
Steps to create Test lead :
1)Login as Admin, admin home page is displayed for   actitime.
2)Click on Users major tab, user list page will be     displayed.
3)Click on Add user button, create user account page    will be displayed.
4)Enter all the details(1st and last name, username,    password, mail id and give all permission)
5)Click on Create User button. The test lead account   will be created.



Lead module :
Steps to create a Customer :
1)Login as Test lead, test lead home page is displayed for actitime.
2)Click on Tasks major tab
3)Click on Projects and customer minor tab
4)Click on Create customer button, create new customer page will be displayed
5)Enter the name and description of customer and click on Create customer button
The customer will be created and displayed in list of customer and projects page.




Steps to create a project :
1)Login as Test lead, test lead home page is displayed for actitime.
2)Click on Tasks major tab
3)Click on Projects and customer minor tab
4)Click on Create project button, create new project page will be displayed
5)Enter the name of project, customer and description of project and click on Create project button
The project will be created and displayed in list of customer and projects page.








Steps to create Test engineer :
1)Login as Test lead.
2)Click on User major tab, users list page is displayed.
3)Click on Add user button, create new user popup is displayed.
4)Enter name, mail id, username and password.
5)Give only permission Enter time track and click on Create User button.
The test engineer account will be created and displayed in list of users.

>Steps to assign task for Test engineer :
1)Login as Test lead, test lead home page is displayed for Actitime.
2)Click on Time-track major tab.
3)Select enter time track for dropdown for test engineer
4)Click on New link, create new task pop up is displayed.
5)Select project and customer, task name, deadline and click on Create task button.
The task will be created and displayed in task page
New Section 1 Page 2
The task will be created and displayed in task page

test Engineer module :
Steps to check and update the task :
Login as Test engineer, in time track page refer the given task and enter the working hours and click on Save changes button

Lead module :
Steps to generate the reports :
1)Login as test lead.
2)Click on Reports major tab.
3)Click on Create report button.
4)Click on configure report parameter button.
5)Select the test engineer in check box and click on Generate report.
6)Click on Export to CSV(Comma seperated value).
The report will be generated and given to customer as proof of progress

This actitime is available in 2 ways :
1)Desktop application >> Link to download and install >> works > Good(laptop/platform not support)
2)Web based >> Online >> Search Actitime software >> Trail account
Admin acc credentials :
Us = admin
Pw = manager




